PDE-4193 doc(cli): doc rebuild and minor updates (#688)
zapier/zapier-platform: packages/cli/README.md

Zapier is a platform for creating integrations and workflows. This CLI is your gateway to creating custom applications on the Zapier platform.

> You may find some documents on the Zapier site to be duplicates or outdated. The most up-to-date contents are always available on GitHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find some documents on the Zapier site duplicate or outdated. The most up-to-date contents are always available on GitHub:
```
